[SETTINGS]
Mode - The mode which the application is running on (PRODUCTION/DEVELOPMENT).
Drop - If to drop the collection on the email address on the Mongo database before the application starts.
Steps - Define the logic steps that active during the processes of the application (LINKS / CRAWL / SEND).

[GENERAL]
Time - The time counter of all the processes during the application runtime.
Goal - The target of that will cause the application to stop, count which when when reached - The application will stop (EMAIL ADDRESSES / MINUTES / LINKS).
Progress - The status of the progress to reach the goal target, number of number with the percentage.
Status - The status of the application at the current moment (INITIATE, FETCH, PAUSE, CRAWL, FINISH)

[PROCESS]
Process - The current process number out of the amount of the total processes count left to finish the application runtime.
Page - The current number of search engine pager count out of the amount of total pages left to finish the current process.
Engine - The search engine type that within it the links were fetched.
Key - The search key that was generated to run on the query string on the search page to fetch links to crawl.

[LINK]
Crawl - Count of: A link that were scanned to crawl from it email addresses.
Total - Count of: A link that found in the search engine source page.
Filter - Count of: A link that was filtered by the list of filter domains, to NOT search on their source page.
Current - Count of: current link from amount of total links to crawl during the specific page of the search engine source.

[EMAIL ADDRESS]
Total - Count of: All the email addresses fetched from the page source, before any logic happen (duplicates included here) - Only from current session.
Save - Count of: An email address that saved to the database successfully. Will be logged to a TXT file.
Database - Count of: Previous email addresses exists from previous sessions on the database (before the process started). When the save count progress, the database progress also.
Exists - Count of: An email address that already exists in the database. Will not be saved to the database.
Invalid - Count of: Invalid email address detected without any fix occurred. Will not be saved to the database. Will be logged to a TXT file.
Valid Fix: - Count of: Valid email address that was invalid before and fixed successfully. Will be saved to the database. Will be logged to a TXT file.
Invalid Fix - Count of: Valid email address that was invalid and still invalid after a failure attempt to fix. Will not be saved to the database. Will be logged to a TXT file.
Unsave - Count of: An email that was failed to be save to the database. Will be logged to a TXT file.
Filter - Count of: An email address that was filtered from a domains list. Will not be saved to the database.

[TRENDING]
The trending list is a random email addresses that were saved to the database, to show the user and give indication that the application is active.
Can be limited to a number of email addresses to be displayed.

[PAGE (1/15)]
The current link URL address of the page that is currently crawling from email addresses, and in addition - The number from Link/Current key.

[SEARCH (1/3)]
The current link URL address of the search engine page that is currently crawling from links, and in addition - The number from Process/Page key.